[doc] typo (#184)
megaease/easegress: doc/cookbook/service_proxy.md

```

> 2. Create a pipeline and set its `serviceRegisty` field into `eureka-001` and it will look up the eureka configuration for the service named `springboot-application-order` as in filed `serviceName`.    

Reviewer: there are other typo:

```suggestion
2. Create a pipeline and set its `serviceRegistry` field into `eureka-001` and it will look up the eureka configuration for the service named `springboot-application-order` as in field `serviceName`.    
```

Reviewer 2: Hi, @zhangfh517 , the `serviceRegisrty` in example YAML also need to be corrected into `serviceRegistry`, can u fix them in this PR too, thx.

Author: @benja-wu fixed
